README.md, before:

# Resume-HTML
A simple and clean resume built using just pure HTML (no CSS or JavaScript).

## Project Overview

This project demonstrates how to build a clean, semantic, and well-structured resume using only **HTML**. While there is no styling or interactivity (since CSS and JavaScript are not used), it provides a strong foundation for presenting key information in a logical manner. The resume is designed with semantic HTML tags for better readability and accessibility.

### Sections Included in the Resume:

1. **Header** - Contact Information (Name, Phone, Email, LinkedIn, Location)
   
2. **Objective** - A brief introduction highlighting professional goals and aspirations.
   
3. **Education** - Information on academic qualifications, including institutions and CGPA.
   
4. **Projects** - A list of key projects, technologies used, and brief descriptions of each project.
   
5. **Technical Skills** - A summary of programming languages, frameworks, libraries, and tools.
   
6. **Certifications** - Relevant certifications and courses.

### Technologies Used:

- **HTML5** (pure HTML, no CSS or JavaScript)
  
### How to Use

To view the resume:

1. Clone or download this repository.
2. Open the `resume.html` file in any modern web browser.

```bash
git clone https://github.com/eswar210/Resume-HTML.git
cd Resume-HTML
open resume.html

Commit message:

okay Update LICENSE and README with MIT License

README.md, after:

# Resume-HTML
A simple and clean resume built using just pure HTML (no CSS or JavaScript).

## Project Overview

This project demonstrates how to build a clean, semantic, and well-structured resume using only **HTML**. While there is no styling or interactivity (since CSS and JavaScript are not used), it provides a strong foundation for presenting key information in a logical manner. The resume is designed with semantic HTML tags for better readability and accessibility.

### Sections Included in the Resume:

1. **Header** - Contact Information (Name, Phone, Email, LinkedIn, Location)
   
2. **Objective** - A brief introduction highlighting professional goals and aspirations.
   
3. **Education** - Information on academic qualifications, including institutions and CGPA.
   
4. **Projects** - A list of key projects, technologies used, and brief descriptions of each project.
   
5. **Technical Skills** - A summary of programming languages, frameworks, libraries, and tools.
   
6. **Certifications** - Relevant certifications and courses.

### Technologies Used:

- **HTML5** (pure HTML, no CSS or JavaScript)
  
### How to Use

To view the resume:

1. Clone or download this repository.
2. Open the `resume.html` file in any modern web browser.

## LICENSE
This project is licensed under the **MIT License**. See this file [MIT License](LICENSE) for details.


```bash
git clone https://github.com/eswar210/Resume-HTML.git
cd Resume-HTML
open resume.html
